Hey
Hey daughter-in-law sit
The hot tea just made by the master and the young lady
I hired the Li family today
You can't just drink tea
Go to the winery and get some wine to celebrate
I'm sorry sir and young grandma, I don't want to clean up
How could the second young master be arrested?
If the second young master dies
Homeless people have to be buried with me
My daughter-in-law asked me to wait well tonight
Master Mao, wait a minute
Today I look at soldiers who are fighting
Hungry gnawing on bark grass roots
Poor
Why don't we distribute the food a little bit?
It's up to you.
Hahahaha
Dude, you can afford meat buns
Brother, I'm really convinced
These brothers have worked hard at war
A little food is nothing
Hahahaha
Brother
Brother, I don't know how to thank you
But don't worry.
Handsome, won't last two days
Back to the vehicle immediately
Because his vehicle number is finished.
Hahahaha
What the hell is going on?
Was the enemy attacking?
Ah, the second brother made him betray the dog
And blew up all our food
I can't spare him, this bastard
Kill me out
No.
Something is wrong
If the other party defected
Must have been prepared
If the royal family dies without medicine, it's all over
No, I'll think of a way.
Okay